Add wording for enterprise page (#16560)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/redis/README.md

Disclaimer: Redis is a registered trademark of Redis Ltd. Any rights therein are reserved to Redis Ltd. Any use by Bitnami is for referential purposes only and does not indicate any sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation between Redis Ltd.

> Looking to use Redis## TL;DRreg; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking to use Redis&reg; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.
```
